Update community-edi.md (#1428)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: contributors/contributors/community-edi.md

> Other ways we foster diversity, inclusion, and belonging:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other ways we foster a welcoming and connected environment:
```
